## Tool Details

- Poedit - The editor used to modify .po translation files.
- QTranslate - A translation tool that makes use of almost all popular translation services available, essentially making an all-in-one toolbox for comparing translations from other services. Includes Google Translate, Microsoft's Bing translator, Baidu, and more. Very useful if you find yourself flipping between translations of the same text when trying to figure out which one is the most coherent.
- poHTML_2_str - A custom tool that I have made that converts the HTML files generated by Poedit into usable mod.str files. Makes use of Bibber's C&C String Editor to finalize the generated string data into a usable, neat format.

## How to Use poHTML_2_str:
1. Install Python 3.7+
2. Using Poedit, once you are done making your edits, EXPORT the translation data to HTML format.
3. Place the HTML files into the HTML folder within the "poHTML2str" directory.
4. Run "poHTML_2_str.py"; DO NOT touch the keyboard while the script is running.

Why do I tell you to not touch anything while the script does its thing? Let me explain:

**While the script is running**, it will tell you that it is about to open up the C&C String Editor. It will give you 10 seconds to stop what you are doing and to **LEAVE THE KEYBOARD AND MOUSE ALONE!!!** A series of automated commands will open up the editor's GUI and will make various keyboard commands and type several lines of text.

Do not panic when things start moving around quickly on the screen--that is the script formatting and saving the file to the correct location for you. Once it is done running, a message box will pop up saying that the new 'mod.str' file has been generated.
